Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to talk about understanding toolings in large language models.
So tooling is another great concept of the large language model, which can help your large language
model to use external tools and libraries while it performs any action.
I know it sounds crazy that LM is going to use some other external tools to perform an operation, but
the tools are going to be very, very essential.
While you are going to give your LM an extra leverage or mileage to go and search for external data,
probably, or even going to go and perform an action which your large language model is not trained
for.
That is what is this tooling is all about.
So for instance this is a simple example that you can see here.
I'm going to ask like did Donald Trump won the 2024 presidential election.
And if I'm going to pass this via Lang chain with our prompt, and if you're going to ask it to the
model, your model is not going to be responding unless until it has trained with 2024 data in it.
I'm sure most of the models today in 2020 5th February, none of the model has actually been trained
with 2024 data.
So you are going to get a response saying, nope, I don't have the context of your 24 due to the cutoff
of the trained data.
That is what you are going to be getting up from the model.
So let's try this and see if that is the case.
So I'm going to go to my hyper terminal over here.
And I'm going to say uh oh llama.
And I'm going to run the model.
And I'm going to ask the exact same question that I have asked over here.
Copy that, paste it over here.
And I'm going to hit enter.
So let's see what it's going to.
So look at that.
So as of my last update on October 2024, 2023, there has been no official result of the 2024 US presidential
election as it hasn't taken place yet.
That is what you're going to be getting with the Q1 2.5 model.
We're going to be using the same exact model right now for all our discussion, as you know.
But once we start using the tooling operation, you are going to get this response.
So this is what I'm talking about.
You're going to get the actual response like the same question, but it's going to say yes, Donald
Trump won the election in 2024, but how is that happening?
You'll notice that we have included a tool binding with a Wikipedia tool.
So that is what is tooling support guys.
Now you got the idea right.
So there is something called as a Wikipedia tool or Bing search tool or maybe Google search tool, whatever
tool that you wanted to fuse if they have got one.
Or you can also make your own, and then you can integrate this Wikipedia tool along with your tool
binding for your large language model.
And the moment you do it, you are going to start getting the responses from your large language model.
And it's going to say yes.
Donald Trump won the election in 2024.
Based on the prompt, how you have written over here, the answer is going to be summarized and it's
going to give an up to you over here.
And that is what is the tooling support guys.
And now you got the idea right.
This this is going to give an extra mileage to your large language model with the details that you're
looking for, which is something not your large language model is already trained with.
If your large language model has got no context of that particular question that you're asking, then
this model is going to go and search for the available tool it has got, and then it is going to generate
the answer for you, and it's going to give it to you back.
And that is the power of the tooling support.
So about this tooling we just go to Lang Chain.com website over here and see that under the tools,
the components of the tools.
Uh, there is this tools over here.
So tools are the utilities designed to be called by the model.
Their inputs are designed to be generated by models.
And their outputs are designed to be passed back to the models.
And the toolkit is a collection of tools meant to be used together.
And if you write your own tools, see how to you you would like to contribute to the integration.
See the contribution integration.
So you can write your own tools as well.
I mean we'll talk about that in a in this particular section anyways.
But for now just see the existing tools is already available.
Look at that.
The Bing search tool brave search tool DuckDuckGo search.
So these are the tool which is going to be helpful just for the search operation and see the return
datas.
If you're going to search with this Bing search tool with its API, probably you are going to get the
URL of the uh, of the search term that you are looking for in a website.
It's going to give you the snippet of that particular search item, and it's also going to return you
the title.
Same thing will happen for the brave search DuckDuckGo.
And there are some more search engines which are also going to return you what is called as an images
that you're looking for, like a tabular search.
Uh, and there are many plans available like how to use these tools.
But if you go any one of the tool, for instance, the brave search tool, it is just like an yet another
library that you have to install after you install the long chain community, which we already did in
our earlier sections of this course.
And once you install the brave search over here, then you have to supply the API keys.
And then once you have the API key, you can then integrate this particular tool.
Or maybe you can just run this tool by using this value.
And it's going to get you the response.
And now you can use this tool.
You can bind this particular tool with your large language model.
And your large language model is going to start responding to that particular question that you're looking
for.
You can actually see all these details that we are talking about over here in the language, like how
we were doing before.
That's going to happen as well.
You will see all the different observability, traceability, and you can also monitor what's going
on behind the scene with these kinds of operations that we are doing.
So that is the tool for you over here.
And you can also see more tools like not just the search tool.
You can also see there is a code interpreter tool, which is going to be interpreting the code that
you're going to use.
And then it's going to give you the the code result, pretty much like how you can interpret with the
coding that you're looking for.
It supports languages like Python, JavaScript and Ruby.
Just amazing.
You can use that.
There are some productivity tools available as well over here like GitHub toolkit, GitLab toolkit,
Gmail Toolkit, and more.
And one of the most important thing that we are going to be talking about in our next section.
When we talk about the agents, we are going to be also using this playwright browser toolkit, which
is also going to be helpful for you to write the UI test using playwright.
I mean, not exactly UI test, but you can also use this playwright tool to do web extraction.
Get the responses from a website, and you can also see every single thing is used by your AI agent
as well.
While it's going to take action.
So those things, we can do it as well.
Similarly, there are supports for the databases and there are multiple different tools that still keep
on evolving and emerging.
And you can also write your own custom tool, as I told you.
And that is also going to be helpful for your large language model to perform an action while you ask
the question, if large language model doesn't really know what exactly to do with that particular question.
So that is the tool for you guys, and this is what we are going to be discussing in this particular
section.
And it is going to be quite exciting to see how large language model decides to use a tool.